Canadian (University of Toronto) Professor Marshall McLuhan's teaching on Irish writer James Joyce's Finnegans Wake book (published year 1924 to year 1939) as a means to teaching Great Seal of the United States of America. Understanding, comprehending the "Free Masons" symbolism of the USA via the metaphors of Tim Finnegan mason bricklayer (brick hod carrier).

&nbsp;

1. www.GreatSealUSA.com Teaching about the meaning of the free masons symbolism of PLURIBUS Latin and beyond from year 1776. Did you know George Lucas, the creator of Star Wars, filmed lessons about the Great Seal of the United States of America at Skywalker Ranch California to educate the Hollywood audiences? Nonfiction filmed in year 1985, 1986, 1987 at the height of Lucas's power and popularity!

2. https://GreatSealUSA.GitHub.io/Reddit_Commentary/  - commentary about modern Reddit social media in the MAGA Trumpism Putinsim era. Harsh criticism of normalization of anti-free-thinking values. The USA society embracing closed minded atttiudes via reactionary high-speed thinking.

3. https://GreatSealUSA.GitHub.io/Brainrot_Society_47/ - "Brain Rot Society 47", "Brainrot Society 47" call for help...  We The People every 47 hours gatherings on every available media platform to organize new thinking systems and adult education / adult teaching.

4. https://GreatSealUSA.GitHub.io/GreatSealUSA_Art/  - Art projects related to the Great Seal of the United States of America. Including analysis and recommendations of films, television shows, such as the November 2025 Vince Gilligan Apple TV+ series "PLUR1BUS" and realted symbolism of James Joyce's Finnegans Wake "mason" / "bricklayer" Tim Finnegan art interpretation / media interpretaiton themes. PLURIBUS is part of the Latin langauge on the Great Seal of USA!

5. https://GitHub.com/GreatSealUSA/1776Wake GitHub project for this 1776Wake.com website for further details, contact (open an issue, and GitHub can host a discussion forum if one is desired).

&nbsp;

*May the Force*, Star Wars Day of year 1939 - Finnegans Wake by Irish writer James Joyce - *be with you*! The final pages of Finnegans Wake book was published on May 4, 1939! "Wake", 1776 Wake, woke... study your James Joyce books! Metaphors ahoy!

&nbsp;

Do you really think in 250 years, since year 1776, we haven't cracked the free masons codes and symbols of the eagle and pyramid on the Nile river? We The People have some smart people in the USA, teachers and professors who can explain the intended meaning!
